[Music]
we're on location this is the space that
we'll be filming all the exercises in
I'll give you a good look
[Music]
yeah tea strength plan is my 12-week
program that I created specifically for
petite women to undergo a body
recomposition so to lose fat and gain
muscle learn how to lift weights in the
gym properly like professional and how
to progress weights over time in a safe
way that also gets you results this was
a program that I came up with on my own
it's what got me my own transformation
which I'll show you right here and I
tested it on women about a year ago now
on 20 petite women and they had amazing
results as well so this video is just to
give you a little bit of
behind-the-scenes of what it took to
produce this this program and this is
not including the Kickstarter that I did
I did a crowdfunding campaign which many
of you guys who are watching this now
helped me fund the petite string plan by
backing this program we sold eight
thousand dollars with the sales on this
book in preorder sales the petite string
plan is finally going to be in your
hands in drumroll please
[Music]
October 15th yes I am so excited I am
pretty much finished up with production
this video that I'm filming right now
it's been a few weeks since we filmed
all the content and my designer and I
have laid it all out in this beautiful
eBook format you can try the first week
free see the new design see how it looks
if you'd like I'll leave the link below
and yeah I just wanted to kind of check
in here and let you know what the petite
reading plan is in case you're watching
this and you're like what is this the
behind-the-scenes four so yes cannot
wait to get it in your hands so we just
did a couple a couple tests
test runs for the videographer them
working with just to like nail down
composition and test out the outfit and
it's all good so were that's a wrap
hey guys I'm back from doing our test
shoot I was with my sister earlier you
guys got to meet her my sister is an
experiential designer and she is just
really great with helping me with all my
design stuff so she's kind of been like
my creative director who informs a lot
of the design and color schemes and
whatnot yeah I thought I would talk to
you guys about some of the behind the
scenes stuff as far as what you can
expect for the videos exercise videos to
look like in the plan these videos what
I want them to achieve is I really want
them to show you proper form and for
that reason I'm kind of going above and
beyond and instead of just showing you
guys like one view like the front view
of me I'm also gonna be showing you a
lateral side view so that you can really
see you know what my like what the what
my back looks like if I have my back
straight if you know if my shoulders are
back my chest is up as you would be in a
lot of exercises just because I've seen
a lot of programs and exercise videos
only show the trainer in one position
you only get to view them from one angle
and I figure I just find that to be
really limiting as far as like how is
that going to teach anyone give them a
full picture of what they would need to
know to really perform the exercise
safely and effectively so what you guys
can expect is a great front view and
then also side view of each exercise so
we were kind of just like looking at the
composition today trying to figure out
where the best ain't lighting was trying
to figure out like do we need to bring
in additional lighting you know is the
color of the outfit white-on-white going
to like be too blown out all of these
things are kind of like what what we're
considering today and Jen will not be
filming me we have a videographer for
that but she was there to just help me
with like the logistics and I'm shooting
at the place where I teach called
session
in Williamsburg Brooklyn it's just an
amazing team there the owner Pat was
nice enough to let me film there so yeah
I'm really excited and I think that I'm
gonna go look for some different outfit
options for the shoot right now I'm
gonna go over to outdoor voices Ovie
just gonna bike across the Williamsburg
Bridge and see what calm or color-block
II type things I can get going so that I
pop a little bit more and you guys can
see my body and it doesn't get dissolved
you know blend into the background too
much so stay tuned I will be coming back
with more BTS stuff and I hope you guys
are enjoying this and yeah talk soon
[Music]
good morning guys
so I am ready to go I am about to head
over to the studio to film for that I am
very excited
I just called an uber so gonna get going
you there
[Music]
this mic hi Mike
yeah
[Music]
that's a wrap
hey guys so that's a wrap on the first
day I was actually just just gonna
repeat myself naps it just post on my
Instagram story about how awesome it is
[Applause]
understands your vision who is patient
and who you get along with because it's
fun DX or so and tomorrow we will do
photography film and the other 50 or so
exercises so overall very successful day
lots of fun I'm freakin exhausted did
like 50 exercises a bunch of times so I
guess that was my workout for the day
this babe is not going to the gym today
I'm going to go eat a mountain and of
course what would this vlog be if I
didn't show you what the final result
looks like so without further ado check
out the final production what all the
exercise videos are gonna look like
enjoy
[Music]
thank you for watching this vlog if you
liked it give it a thumbs up give me a
subscribe and I will see you guys real
soon
bye for now
[Music]